book1: disruption of the powers


All citizens of Kewon are aware of the peaceful balance between the three magics: purple, blue and green. This is
done by an allpowerful disk created by the three great ancestors of Kewon, meant to keep the kingdom balanced
and in peace. To prevent misusage of the disk and the balance to be disrupted, the disk is believed to be sealed
away in the great mountain closest to the capital.

What exactly will happen if the disk disrupts the balance between the magics, is unknown. One theory suggests that
the disk will reverse the distrubution of the magics and store it in itself, causing all people to lose their 
powers. This can cause several problems that can end fatally for many. For one, the theory suggests, it will 
worsen the condition of the weak and sick, since an individuals magic is part of their being and lifesource. 
Over time, losing ones powercan also lead to an indivual's age catching up with them, because the magics 
sustain a person being of old age while not appearing so or a person being able to live out long periods of time.
Another theory suggests that the magics will be distrubuted unevenly. Two types might lose their powers while
the other gains more. 
Which theory might be correct, is still unknown to Kewonian scientists. Many hope for the best and prey the 
legendary disk will never be found or ...

"'worsen the condition of the weak'... could this apply to Kana as well? I mean, she has been sick since I can
remember and complications aren't rare... but on the other hand I've never seen her this bad..."




book2: ancestoral rituals of kewon 

Kewon, a kingdom with several prosperous centuries to its name, has a deep connection with its religion, past
and ancestors. There is a long list of monthly and yearly celebrations and rituals that are executed by the
entire kingdom or by the royal family and their most important religious spokesmen. 

In Kewon, the Festival of New Beginnings starting the new lunar year is considered one of the most important 
and valueable celebrations regarding the country and the people's health, luck and prosperity.
During the festival, the start of the year is celebrated, and locals travel to their closest tempels to celebrate
and prey to the Gods for their overal well-being in Kewon. It is usual for the towns to organize night markets 
surrounding the tempels, decorated with flowers, laterns and candles, where the locals can enjoy traditional lunar 
dishes, latern dances, fireworks and cheerful flute music.

While the citizens celebrate on the streets, the royal family prepares a ritual. Together with a religious
spokesman, the family prays for their country's prosperity, health to the Gods, before the king and queen
emit a portion of their energy onto a spiritual plate that will cause the three protector spirits of Kewon
to temporarily appear and swim as koi above the kingdom. The spirits each represent the three magics, and stand
as a symbol for peace, balance and prosperity. 

Many believe that the rituals and prayers are of great necessity. They believe the spirit's balance is directly 
related to their well-being and powers. Others might say this is unrelated to the spirts. ...

"The Festival of New Beginnings used to be my favorite as a child, but since I've gotten older it has only
been annoying. Ritual here, prayer there. Ugh. I never knew people thought the rituals relates to the country's
well-being, though. To me it's just boring. It'd rather watch the fireworks."


book3: Mountains of Kewon

The mountains of Kewon are said to be dangerous and life-risking, with a reason. Monsterous human-eating Yokai 
inhabit the tops, lurking between the trees and in caves. Yokai are vengeful spirits, created out of hatred and
evil as a result of a prior event, memory or strong emotions. There are many types, sizes and forms, of which
many have not been documented. 
A strong mist that sometimes surrounds the mountain tops is believed to be related to Yokai. Spiritual and 
Ancestoral specialists see the thick mist or heavy thunder clouds as a protective layer, meant to keep out 
citizens from reaching the disk or confronting Yokai in times of instablity or danger.  Weather specialists 
believe this is nonsense, and the mist is simply caused by the numerous bodies of water on and surrounding 
the mountain vaporating. 
Since research is difficult to be done, theories are left unproven. ...

"Even this book is unsure about what those dark clouds might be... I don't think that it's a coincidince though,
and why would the child be lying about something serious like this...? 'times of instablity or danger'... If
it's really the disk causing this, it might be true."






